dude Robbie we swim we did it or not do
I don't even know I'm so hungry right
now that I can't even think straight
yeah I'm pretty hungry too I think it's
Thanksgiving yeah I'm really really
hungry right now running Robbie are we
filming or not I need to know I really
told you I'm hungry and you know it yeah
yeah exciting day started to watch that
Macy's parade but I won't eat give me
some spinach and that what me yeah I
need self control wait until lunch that
is my go so toaster I'm like whoa have
to get it up and grab some grub yell
broke make it all that food right we
look at all that food roll look at all
that food with my chill out
bro look at all that boom bro look at
all that food bro look at all that food
please man shoot when I walk in the
kitchen this is what I see stuffing and
pods live pumpkin a cherry I got a
hunger and my stomach let's tell them me
to eat it eat it eat it eat it I'm
hungry and you know it I'm hungry and
you'll know it
yo when it gets the lay you know about
Toronto bagay what I hate the boys
always hope that they get destroyed why
it's just how i roll can't stand rubble
so it's time to go I'm headed to the
table baby don't be another snow plate
no folk but I still get service watch
bro get all that man bro look at all
that food bro get all that please man
just chill out bro look at all that baby
bro look at all that food run look at
all that pitch man to chill out without
walk in the kitchen yeah this is what I
see you can stuff in your eyes like
pumpkin at Jeffrey I got a hunger in my
stomach and it's telling me to eat it
eat it eat it eat it I'm hungry yet no
way
I'm over yet no whit whit say
predator go go go go go get it go go go
go go get top cop couple yeah get do the
gobble man i do think i will miss
I'm hungry and you know it hey yeah
Bassam go back go back
over yet you don't